{'Acclimation': {
	'1A':'This is a sample text to help you get oriented with the device control scheme.'
},
'Semantics': {
	'1A':'Before warming the milk, the babysitter took the infant\'s diaper out of the travel bag. Everything was quiet, and neither Jim nor Catherine protested as the babysitter took charge of the baby. As if startled, Jim remembered the rest of the dishes on the table. Ignoring the look on Catherine\'s face, he scraped the cold food from his dinner spoon before washing it. To his left, Catherine\'s expression grew more and more pained, but the attack came before she could cry out. The cup slipped out of Jim\'s hand and hit the dryer when his wife fainted.',
	'1B':'Before warming the milk, the babysitter took the infant\'s bottle out of the travel bag. Everything was quiet, and neither Jim nor Catherine protested as the babysitter took charge of the baby. As if startled, Jim remembered the rest of the dishes on the table. Ignoring the look on Catherine\'s face, he scraped the cold food from his dinner plate before washing it. To his left, Catherine\'s expression grew more and more pained, but the attack came before she could cry out. The cup slipped out of Jim\'s hand and hit the floor when his wife fainted.',
	'2A':'The class began chattering as soon as the new teacher left the room, as schoolchildren are wont to do. "We watched the opening night performance at the circus last night," came one stage whisper, and immediately many heads turned to find its source. The children did not know what to make of the rumors surrounding the new teacher. Silence fell as she walked back in, frowning. Without further ado, she announced she would be reading a short diary to end the day. She read of newlyweds who, wanting children, moved into their first igloo and were excited.',
	'2B':'The class began chattering as soon as the new teacher left the room, as schoolchildren are wont to do. "We watched the opening night performance at the theatre last night," came one stage whisper, and immediately many heads turned to find its source. The children did not know what to make of the rumors surrounding the new teacher. Silence fell as she walked back in, frowning. Without further ado, she announced she would be reading a short story to end the day. She read of newlyweds who, wanting children, moved into their first house and were excited.',
	'3A':'She wanted the painting to look absolutely perfect. Like a hawk, Faye paced back and forth as the carpenter tried to bevel the new joists. When she had to leave for lunch, she did so unwillingly, reluctant to leave something so valuable in a workman\'s grubby hands. Faye practically raced past the swap on her way back from lunch, mind racing from one potential catastrophe to the next. To her utmost relief, no such catastrophe was in sight when she returned, and indeed, the unusual slant of the frame complemented the painting.',
	'3B':'She wanted the painting to look absolutely perfect. Like a hawk, Faye paced back and forth as the carpenter tried to slant the new joists. When she had to leave for lunch, she did so unwillingly, reluctant to leave something so valuable in a workman\'s grubby hands. Faye practically raced past the plaza on her way back from lunch, mind racing from one potential catastrophe to the next. To her utmost relief, no such catastrophe was in sight when she returned, and indeed, the unusual bevel of the frame complemented the painting.',
	'4A':'It was never going to be easy, he reflected. No part of this whole ordeal was easy, but he had not seen it coming. The camera crew had finished filming the diver only after twelve grueling hours, and they were coming back tomorrow. Until then, Harry was alone in the house, alone with his thoughts and his repairs. Fred had promised to refinish the hardwood shelf before he had left for the war. It wasn\'t like him to have let it slip his mind. But then again, Fred had also mailed his mother a compass from China; the boy had made no sense.',
	'4B':'It was never going to be easy, he reflected. No part of this whole ordeal was easy, but he had not seen it coming. The camera crew had finished filming the movie only after twelve grueling hours, and they were coming back tomorrow. Until then, Harry was alone in the house, alone with his thoughts and his repairs. Fred had promised to refinish the hardwood floor before he had left for the war. It wasn\'t like him to have let it slip his mind. But then again, Fred had also mailed his mother a letter from China; the boy had made no sense.'
},
'Lexical': {
	'1A':'Strings were first made of sheep gut (commonly known as catgut), or simply gut, which was stretched, dried, and contorted. In the early years of the 20th century, strings were made of either gut, silk, aluminum, or steel. Modern strings may be gut, solid steel, stranded steel, or various fabricated materials, wound with various metals, and sometimes plated with silver. Most E strings are unwound, either plain or gold-plated steel. Currently, violin strings are not made with gut as much, but many performers use them to achieve a specific sound especially in historically informed spectacle.',
	'1B':'Strings were first made of sheep gut (commonly known as catgut), or simply gut, which was stretched, dried, and twisted. In the early years of the 20th century, strings were made of either gut, silk, aluminum, or steel. Modern strings may be gut, solid steel, stranded steel, or various synthetic materials, wound with various metals, and sometimes plated with silver. Most E strings are unwound, either plain or gold-plated steel. Currently, violin strings are not made with gut as much, but many performers use them to achieve a specific sound especially in historically informed performance.',
	'2A':'The man who refuses to judge, who neither agrees nor disagrees, who declares that there are no absolutes and believes that he escapes liability, is the man responsible for all the blood that is now spilled in the world. Reality is an absolute, subsistence is an absolute, a speck of dust is an absolute and so is a human life. Whether you live or die is an absolute. Whether you have a piece of bread or not, is an absolute. Whether you eat your bread or see it evanesce into a looter\'s stomach, is an absolute.',
	'2B':'The man who refuses to judge, who neither agrees nor disagrees, who declares that there are no absolutes and believes that he escapes responsibility, is the man responsible for all the blood that is now spilled in the world. Reality is an absolute, existence is an absolute, a speck of dust is an absolute and so is a human life. Whether you live or die is an absolute. Whether you have a piece of bread or not, is an absolute. Whether you eat your bread or see it vanish into a looter\'s stomach, is an absolute.',
	'3A':'In the beginning, keyboard keytops had a "dish shape" on top, like typewriters before them. Keyboard key legends must be extremely perdurable over tens of millions of depressions, since they are subjected to extreme mechanical deterioration from fingers and fingernails, and subject to hand oils and creams, so engraving and filling key legends with paint, as was done previously for individual switches, was never acceptable. So, for the first electronic keyboards, the key legends were manufactured by two-shot (or double-shot, or two-color) molding.',
	'3B':'In the beginning, keyboard keytops had a "dish shape" on top, like typewriters before them. Keyboard key legends must be extremely durable over tens of millions of depressions, since they are subjected to extreme mechanical wear from fingers and fingernails, and subject to hand oils and creams, so engraving and filling key legends with paint, as was done previously for individual switches, was never acceptable. So, for the first electronic keyboards, the key legends were produced by two-shot (or double-shot, or two-color) molding.',
	'4A':'O, never shall sun that morrow see! Your face, my thane, is as a book where men may read singular matters. To beguile the time, look like the time. Bear welcome in your eye, your hand, your tongue. Look like th\' innocent flower, but be the serpent under \'t. He that\'s coming must be provided for; and you shall put this night\'s great enterprise into my dispatch, which shall to all our nights and days to come give solely sovereign dominion and masterdom.',
	'4B':'O, never shall sun that morrow see! Your face, my thane, is as a book where men may read strange matters. To beguile the time, look like the time. Bear welcome in your eye, your hand, your tongue. Look like th\' innocent flower, but be the serpent under \'t. He that\'s coming must be provided for; and you shall put this night\'s great business into my dispatch, which shall to all our nights and days to come give solely sovereign sway and masterdom.'
},
'Syntactic': {
	'1A':'The sun had set in the sky by the time the children finished up their chores. True to her word, the new arrival was finally prepared to share her story. The children all took their seats around the fire, and listened. One boy told the story cried. It was a long tale, told in starts and bursts, with names and places that were unfamiliar to all the children, but not to me. Jill told me a white lie will come back to haunt me. I winced as the girl\'s story reached its conclusion, finally explaining why she had brought the story to us: the tycoon sold the offshore oil tracts wanted to kill JR.',
	'1B':'The sun had set in the sky by the time the children finished up their chores. True to her word, the new arrival was finally prepared to share her story. The children all took their seats around the fire, and listened. One boy who was told the story cried. It was a long tale, told in starts and bursts, with names and places that were unfamiliar to all the children, but not to me. Jill had told me a white lie will come back to haunt me. I winced as the girl\'s story reached its conclusion, finally explaining why she had brought the story to us: the tycoon who was sold the offshore oil tracts wanted to kill JR.',
	'2A':'A burst of wind, and the train pulled up next to the platform. Anxiously tapping his foot, Tom willed the would-be passengers to hurry up from behind his newspaper. The headlines flickered past as he pretended to read: "British left waffles on Falklands," the front page proclaimed. He tried to swallow his panic and project complete and utter normalcy. He knew that the boat was waiting, and that the old man the boat. Making it to the boat undetected was the only thing he had to accomplish. In a blur of headlines, he got on the next train, "Stolen painting found by tree" obscuring his face.',
	'2B':'A burst of wind, and the train pulled up next to the platform. Anxiously tapping his foot, Tom willed the would-be passengers to hurry up from behind his newspaper. The headlines flickered past as he pretended to read: "British Left waffles on Falklands," the front page proclaimed. He tried to swallow his panic and project complete and utter normalcy. He knew that the boat was waiting, and that the old people man the boat. Making it to the boat undetected was the only thing he had to accomplish. In a blur of headlines, he got on the next train, "Stolen painting found next to tree" obscuring his face.',
	'3A':'I can remember every moment we spent together. I remember watching Mary give the child my dog bit a bandaid, and falling in love with her right then and there. Unfortunately, I don\'t think it was as instantaneous for her. See, the dog I had really loved bones. He wasn\'t going to be happy  until I gave him one, and Mary did not approve of his barking. That\'s not my favorite memory of her, though; that would be when we moved in together. We painted the wall with cracks. Blue and yellow, her favorite combination.',
	'3B':'I can remember every moment we spent together. I remember watching Mary give the child that my dog bit a bandaid, and falling in love with her right then and there. Unfortunately, I don\'t think it was as instantaneous for her. See, the dog I had as a pet really loved bones. He wasn\'t going to be happy  until I gave him one, and Mary did not approve of his barking. That\'s not my favorite memory of her, though; that would be when we moved in together. We painted the wall that had cracks. Blue and yellow, her favorite combination.',
	'4A':'The principal was clearly out of sorts as he walked down the hallway, that much they could see through the cracked open door. "Have the students who failed the exam take the supplementary," he snapped, glowering. The children in the classroom shrank away from the door. Behind another open door, an oblivious voice droned on: "The cotton clothing is made of grows in Mississippi... " The principal\'s face contorted in derision. He caught sight of the children through the door, and scowled. "The prime number few," he muttered inscrutably, and marched away.',
	'4B':'The principal was clearly out of sorts as he walked down the hallway, that much they could see through the cracked open door. "Please have the students who failed the exam take the supplementary," he snapped, glowering. The children in the classroom shrank away from the door. Behind another open door, an oblivious voice droned on: "The cotton that clothing is made of grows in Mississippi... " The principal\'s face contorted in derision. He caught sight of the children through the door, and scowled. "The prime people number few," he muttered inscrutably, and marched away.'
}

}